If you're working with an existing application or an infrastructure,
chances are you are already creating a WAR file for deployments to a container.
If you've created a Spring Boot app in this environment,
you'll need to be able to continue to support deploying to your container,
and that's going to require a WAR file.
Since our application is a Maven-based application,
we need to make some modifications to the pom.xml file to
package the app a little differently.
Currently, when you build a project,
Maven will generate a standalone executable JAR file,
and this also contains the embedded container that Spring Boot uses by default,
which is Tomcat.
The first thing that will need to happen is to flag
the embedded container as provided.
This will tell Maven to not package Tomcat or whatever embedded
container that you're using in the final packaged artifact.
Second, we need to tell Maven to package our app as a WAR instead of a JAR file.
Once these two changes are done,
the Spring Boot Maven plugin will take care of the rest.
There is also one small Java coding change you'll have to make,
so let's go ahead and modify the conference app to produce a WAR file instead of a JAR file.